W-14325244 | Added some details about replay sources configurations (#2409)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: salesforce/10.18/modules/ROOT/pages/salesforce-connector-processing-events.adoc

To persist data so that the app continues processing events when restarted, create a persistent object store, as described in xref:mule-runtime::creating-and-managing-a-cluster-manually.adoc[Create and Manage a Cluster Manually].
* If you use multiple workers when running the app in CloudHub, all of the workers receive and process the events.

=== Replay Sources Field Configurations

> Learn how the priority in replay sources field setup is handled with different configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to handle the priority in the replay sources field setup by using different configurations:
```

* *Replay failed events if any or resume from last replay id*
+

> If enabled, this field overwrites anything that is selected in the *Replay option* field and anything that is entered in the *Replay id* field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If enabled, this field overwrites anything selected in the *Replay option* field and anything entered in the *Replay id* field. 
```

+

> The *Replay failed events if any or resume from last replay id* field checks the ObjectStore for failed event IDs or last known successfully processed event IDs. If there are failed events, processing starts with the lowest failed event, thus receiving all events from `lowestFailedEventId` until now. For example, if `FailedEventIdInObjectStore is `10` and LastSuccessfullyProcessedEventIdInObjectStore is `15`, processing starts with 10 and the streaming client receives events 10 through 15 and consumes the quota. However, these events are not reprocessed by the flow and are filtered by the connector.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Replay failed events if any or resume from last replay id* field checks the ObjectStore for failed event IDs or last known successfully processed event IDs. If there are failed events, processing starts with the lowest failed event, thus receiving all events from `lowestFailedEventId` until now. For example, if `FailedEventIdInObjectStore` is `10` and `LastSuccessfullyProcessedEventIdInObjectStore` is `15`, processing starts with 10 and the streaming client receives events 10 through 15 and consumes the quota. However, these events are not reprocessed by the flow and are filtered by the connector.
```

> The *Replay failed events if any or resume from last replay id* field checks the ObjectStore for failed event IDs or last known successfully processed event IDs. If there are failed events, processing starts with the lowest failed event, thus receiving all events from `lowestFailedEventId` till now. For example, if `FailedEventIdInObjectStore` is 10 and `LastSuccessfullyProcessedEventIdInObjectStore` is 15, processing starts with 10 and the StreamingClient receives all the events up until 15 and consumes quota. However, these events are not processed again by the flow and are filtered by the connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Replay failed events if any or resume from last replay id* field checks the ObjectStore for failed event IDs or last known successfully processed event IDs. If there are failed events, processing starts with the lowest failed event, thus receiving all events from `lowestFailedEventId` till now. For example, if `FailedEventIdInObjectStore` is 10 and `LastSuccessfullyProcessedEventIdInObjectStore` is 15, processing starts with 10 and the StreamingClient receives all the events up until 15 and consumes quota. However, these events are not processed again by the flow and are filtered by the connector.
```

> The *Replay failed events if any or resume from last replay id* field checks the ObjectStore for failed event IDs or last known successfully processed event IDs. If there are failed events, processing starts with the lowest failed event, thus receiving all events from `lowestFailedEventId` till now. For example, if `FailedEventIdInObjectStore` is 10 and `LastSuccessfullyProcessedEventIdInObjectStore` is 15, processing starts with 10 and the StreamingClient receives all the events up until 15 and consumes quota. However, these events are not processed again by the flow and are filtered by the connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Replay failed events if any or resume from last replay id* field checks the ObjectStore for failed event IDs or last known successfully processed event IDs. If there are failed events, processing starts with the lowest failed event, thus receiving all events from `lowestFailedEventId` until now. For example, if `FailedEventIdInObjectStore is `10` and LastSuccessfullyProcessedEventIdInObjectStore is `15`, processing starts with 10 and the streaming client receives events 10 through 15 and consumes the quota. However, these events are not reprocessed by the flow and are filtered by the connector.
```

Reviewer: StreamingClient > streaming client
consumes the quota 

Can you say "the streaming client receives events 10 through 15..." - short and sweet?
or
"processing starts with 10 and the streaming client receives events 10 through 15..."

+
If there are no failed event IDs stored, then processing starts with the highest known replay ID. If there is nothing saved in the ObjectStore, then the *Replay option* field is used.

* *ReplayOption.ALL*
+

> Subscribes with -2. The user receives all events available in Salesforce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscribes with `-2`. The user receives all events available in Salesforce.
```

* *ReplayOption.ONLY_NEW* 
+

> Subscribes with -1. The user receives the events that are created after the connector subscribes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscribes with `-1`. The user receives the events created after the connector subscribes.
```

* *ReplayOption.FROM_REPLAY_ID*
+
Subscribes with what the user enters in the *Replay id* field.

* *ReplayOption.FROM_LAST_REPLAY_ID*
+

> Checks the ObjectStore for the highest received event ID. It doesn't matter if the event is processed successfully or not. This option avoids quota consumption compared to the *Replay failed events if any or resume from last replay id* field that starts the source with a failed event ID that is lower than the highest processed event ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks the Object Store for the highest received event ID. It doesn't matter whether the event is processed successfully. This option avoids quota consumption compared to the *Replay failed events if any or resume from last replay id* field, which starts the source with a failed event ID that is lower than the highest processed event ID.
```

Reviewer: ObjectStore > object store or Object Store, depending on whether the object store is specific to MuleSoft

* *Cache events in memory*
+

> If enabled, when the application starts, the connector subscribes from a replay ID. The Salesforce API pushes all available events starting with the ID that is used to subscribe, thus consuming quota.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If enabled, when the application starts, the connector subscribes from a replay ID. The Salesforce API pushes all events that start with the replay ID that is used to subscribe, thus consuming quota.
```

> If enabled, when the application starts, the connector subscribes from a replay ID. The Salesforce API pushes all available events starting with the ID that is used to subscribe, thus consuming quota.

Reviewer: Can you say "... pushes all events that start with the replay ID..."?

+

> If there are many available events and the Mule app processes them slowly, it might take a while to process all of them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If there are many available events and the Mule app processes them slowly, it can take a while to process all of them.
```

> If there are many available events and the Mule app processes them slowly, it might take a while to process all of them.

Reviewer: Suggest: might > can

+
With this option enabled, the events pushed by the API are stored in memory and are consumed sequentially in the order they are received.
+

> If there is a connection issue or the token expires and the connector must resubscribe, the events would have been lost without this configuration and quota would have already been consumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is a connection issue or the token expires and the connector must resubscribe, the events would be lost without this configuration and quota would be consumed.
```
